fix: clarify disa-stig deployment requirements (#281)
canonical/landscape-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/landscape-installation-and-set-up/disa-stig.md

Ensure you meet the following requirements before installing Landscape:

> - Ubuntu Server install media for the version of Ubuntu (Jammy 22.04)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ubuntu Server install media for a FIPS certified version of Ubuntu (currently only Ubuntu 22.04 LTS)
```

### Certificates for PostgreSQL

> For an Ubuntu 22.04 database server, you'll need three certificates and their corresponding keys:

Reviewer: I guess we don't need to mention 22.04 explicitly here.

### Set permissions for PostgreSQL files

> Set secure permissions for the certificates and PostgreSQL configuration files. `<VERSION>` should be `14` assuming Ubuntu 22.04 LTS Jammy Jellyfish.

Reviewer: It's a bit odd now to have a placeholder for something that only has one possible value.
